Injection Wads/README.md, before:

In this folder is a set of injection WADs (AKA WADs to place CP's in other map packs). These can be made by me, or can be submitted by other people via a pull request. 

### abcdmv4_dom1.wad
An injection WAD for [ABC Deathmatch Maps (V4)](https://www.wad-archive.com/wad/ABC-Deathmatch-maps-1). Created by Krawa for the Dominatrix ZDaemon Session #661 hosted by ZDS on the 2nd of May. Contains the following maps:
```
map01
map09
map10
map12
map15
map16
map17
map18
map23
map24
map26
map27
map28
```

### aeondm_mdf_cp.pk3
An injection WAD for [Aeon Deathmatch](https://www.doomworld.com/idgames/levels/doom2/deathmatch/Ports/megawads/aeondm). Created for the Dominatrix 8v8 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 20th of Feburary 2021. Because AeonDM doesn't use standard map names, this file needs to be loaded last as it overwrites the MAPINFO lump used in AeonDM in order to allow for CP placement to work. While the extension is PK3, this is actually a WAD file. It was renamed to PK3 to ensure that Zandronum loads the file last (because AeonDM comes in PK3 format). This WAD contains the following maps:
```
AEON01
AEON02
AEON04
AEON10
AEON23
AEON27
```

### crudream_cp.wad
An injection WAD for [Crucified Dreams](https://www.doomworld.com/idgames/levels/doom2/deathmatch/Ports/megawads/crudream). Created for the Dominatrix 8v8 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 10th of July 2022. This WAD contains the following maps:
```
MAP03
MAP04
MAP07
MAP13
MAP16
MAP21
```

### dbabeon_cp.pk3
An injection WAD for Don't Be a Bitch, but specifically the [EON Collection version](https://www.wad-archive.com/wad/be4e7fd2b3ae008a4ece98f4f2efab76cce62000). Created for the Dominatrix 8v8 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 27th of March 2022. Because DBAB doesn't use standard map names, this file needs to be loaded last as it overwrites the MAPINFO lump used in DBAB in order to allow for CP placement to work. While the extension is PK3, this is actually a WAD file. It was renamed to PK3 to ensure that Zandronum loads the file last (because the EON collection comes in PK3 format). This WAD contains the following maps:
```
DBAB03
DBAB05
DBAB07
DBAB10
DBAB12
DBAB13
DBAB14
DBAB16
DBAB19
DBAB24
DBAB25
DBAB26
DBAB28
DBAB30
```

### mdffa-dom.wad
An injection WAD for the [mdffa_v1 compilation](https://www.wad-archive.com/wad/4d58151d309d5c199236fd11c8b5bc9e). Created by Marcaek. Supports all 18 maps in the WAD.


### neondm_cp.pk3
An injection WAD for [NeonDM](https://www.doomworld.com/forum/topic/92275-released-neondm/). Created by Slaerd for the Dominatrix 3v3 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 3rd of May 2020. Because NeonDM doesn't use standard map names, this file needs to be loaded last as it overwrites the MAPINFO lump used in NeonDM in order to allow for CP placement to work. While the extension is PK3, this is actually a WAD file. It was renamed to PK3 to ensure that Zandronum loads the file last (because NeonDM comes in PK3 format). This WAD contains the following maps:
```
NEON01
NEON02
NEON07
NEON08
NEON11
NEON13
NEON15
```

### neondm_cp2.pk3
An update for the previous NeonDM injection WAD. This one contains some CP position revisions for `NEON13` and `NEON15`, as well as the addition of `NEON03` and `NEON05`. It was created for the 8v8 NeonDM Dominatrix event hosted by MDF on the 24th of October, 2021.

### udm3xdom.wad
An injection script for [UDM3 + UDMX](http://doomshack.org/wads/udmx_udm3.wad). Created for the Dominatrix Playtest Session hosted by MDF on the 21st of March. Contains the following maps:
```
map01
map02
map03
map08
map09
map12
map14
map17
map19
map22
map23
map24
map27
map29
map32
map34
map38
map40
map46
```

Commit message:

Update README with Culling Strike

Injection Wads/README.md, after:

In this folder is a set of injection WADs (AKA WADs to place CP's in other map packs). These can be made by me, or can be submitted by other people via a pull request. 

### abcdmv4_dom1.wad
An injection WAD for [ABC Deathmatch Maps (V4)](https://www.wad-archive.com/wad/ABC-Deathmatch-maps-1). Created by Krawa for the Dominatrix ZDaemon Session #661 hosted by ZDS on the 2nd of May. Contains the following maps:
```
map01
map09
map10
map12
map15
map16
map17
map18
map23
map24
map26
map27
map28
```

### aeondm_mdf_cp.pk3
An injection WAD for [Aeon Deathmatch](https://www.doomworld.com/idgames/levels/doom2/deathmatch/Ports/megawads/aeondm). Created for the Dominatrix 8v8 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 20th of Feburary 2021. Because AeonDM doesn't use standard map names, this file needs to be loaded last as it overwrites the MAPINFO lump used in AeonDM in order to allow for CP placement to work. While the extension is PK3, this is actually a WAD file. It was renamed to PK3 to ensure that Zandronum loads the file last (because AeonDM comes in PK3 format). This WAD contains the following maps:
```
AEON01
AEON02
AEON04
AEON10
AEON23
AEON27
```

### crudream_cp.wad
An injection WAD for [Crucified Dreams](https://www.doomworld.com/idgames/levels/doom2/deathmatch/Ports/megawads/crudream). Created for the Dominatrix 8v8 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 10th of July 2022. This WAD contains the following maps:
```
MAP03
MAP04
MAP07
MAP13
MAP16
MAP21
```

# cullingstrike_dom1.wad
An injection WAD for [Culling Strike](https://www.doomworld.com/forum/topic/137962-culling-strike-zandronum-deathmatch-community-project/). Created for the Dominatrix 8v8 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 17th of November 2024. This WAD contains the following maps:
```
MAP02
MAP03
MAP07
MAP10
MAP12
MAP25
```

### dbabeon_cp.pk3
An injection WAD for Don't Be a Bitch, but specifically the [EON Collection version](https://www.wad-archive.com/wad/be4e7fd2b3ae008a4ece98f4f2efab76cce62000). Created for the Dominatrix 8v8 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 27th of March 2022. Because DBAB doesn't use standard map names, this file needs to be loaded last as it overwrites the MAPINFO lump used in DBAB in order to allow for CP placement to work. While the extension is PK3, this is actually a WAD file. It was renamed to PK3 to ensure that Zandronum loads the file last (because the EON collection comes in PK3 format). This WAD contains the following maps:
```
DBAB03
DBAB05
DBAB07
DBAB10
DBAB12
DBAB13
DBAB14
DBAB16
DBAB19
DBAB24
DBAB25
DBAB26
DBAB28
DBAB30
```

### mdffa-dom.wad
An injection WAD for the [mdffa_v1 compilation](https://www.wad-archive.com/wad/4d58151d309d5c199236fd11c8b5bc9e). Created by Marcaek. Supports all 18 maps in the WAD.


### neondm_cp.pk3
An injection WAD for [NeonDM](https://www.doomworld.com/forum/topic/92275-released-neondm/). Created by Slaerd for the Dominatrix 3v3 Tournament hosted by MDF on the 3rd of May 2020. Because NeonDM doesn't use standard map names, this file needs to be loaded last as it overwrites the MAPINFO lump used in NeonDM in order to allow for CP placement to work. While the extension is PK3, this is actually a WAD file. It was renamed to PK3 to ensure that Zandronum loads the file last (because NeonDM comes in PK3 format). This WAD contains the following maps:
```
NEON01
NEON02
NEON07
NEON08
NEON11
NEON13
NEON15
```

### neondm_cp2.pk3
An update for the previous NeonDM injection WAD. This one contains some CP position revisions for `NEON13` and `NEON15`, as well as the addition of `NEON03` and `NEON05`. It was created for the 8v8 NeonDM Dominatrix event hosted by MDF on the 24th of October, 2021.

### udm3xdom.wad
An injection script for [UDM3 + UDMX](http://doomshack.org/wads/udmx_udm3.wad). Created for the Dominatrix Playtest Session hosted by MDF on the 21st of March. Contains the following maps:
```
map01
map02
map03
map08
map09
map12
map14
map17
map19
map22
map23
map24
map27
map29
map32
map34
map38
map40
map46
```
